Add section for self serve TTL (#333)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.0/self_hosting/configuration/ttl.mdx

import {
  CodeTabs,
  DockerBlock,
  HelmBlock,
} from "../../../../src/components/InstructionsWithCode";

# TTL and Data Retention

LangSmith Self-Hosted allows enablement of automatic TTL and Data Retention of traces. This can be useful if you're complying with data privacy regulations, or if you want to have more efficient space usage and auto cleanup of your traces.

> Traces can will also be auto-upgraded retention levels based on certain actions or run rule applications. For more details on Data Retention, take a look at the [data retention guide](/concepts/usage_and_billing/data_retention_billing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traces will also have their data retention period automatically extended based on certain actions or run rule applications. For more details on Data Retention, take a look at the section on auto-upgrades in the [data retention guide](/concepts/usage_and_billing/data_retention_billing).
```

## Requirements

You can configure retention through helm or environment variable settings. There are a few options that are
configurable:

- _Enabled:_ Whether data retention is enabled or disabled. If enabled, via the UI you can your default organization and project TTL tiers to apply to traces (see [data retention guide](/concepts/usage_and_billing/data_retention_billing) for details).

> - _Retention Periods:_ You can configure system-wide retention period for shortlived and longlived traces.

Reviewer: Do we want to call out that if you set longlived data retention via config, then you can also manage this at the project level?

Also, do we need to change the UI to say the actual customized retention length instead of 14d / 400d? cc @eric-langchain

Author: Updated.  Also here is the PR for the FE https://github.com/langchain-ai/langchainplus/pull/4665
